---
title: Teamworks API Reference

language_tabs:
  - json

toc_footers:
  - <a href='https://www.teamworksapp.com/index.cfm?action=main.contact'>Contact Teamworks</a>
  - <a href='https://github.com/tripit/slate'>Documentation Powered by Slate</a>

includes:
  - endpoints/users
  - endpoints/calendar
  - resources/resources
  - errors

search: true
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Teamworks API! The Teamworks platform is quickly becoming a central repository for a wide variety of data for our customers. Much of this data is also stored in other customer systems which necessitates the need to share data programmatically between those systems. To help facilitate these integrations we have published the documentation for our available APIs in this section.

You can view code examples in the dark area to the right, and you can switch the programming language of the examples with the tabs in the top right.

Need help integrating with our APIs? Email us at [support@teamworks.com](mailto:support@teamworks.com)

# Authentication

Teamworks uses access tokens to allow access to the API, and requests are authorized using a "bearer" Authorization header as specified by OAuth 2.0. An access token corresponds with an actual Teamworks user and is generated by going to Account Settings within the application (your Account Manager must have already enabled API access for that account).

This access token should stored securely and provided to as few people as possible to minimize unwanted access to user data. Teamworks expects for this token to be included in all API requests to the server in a header that looks like the following:

`Authorization: bearer {token}`

<aside class="notice">
You must replace <code>{token}</code> with your API access token.
</aside>

# Request Data

> Example of the JSON format

```json
{
   "id": 238,
   "test": {
      "label": "sample data"
   }
}
```

When creating or updating a resource, the data and content type of your request must be JSON. The "Content-Type" request header must have a value of "application/json". The data should be sent as a serialized JSON object as part of the request body. Data returned by the API is in this format as well.
